Q1. Write a Program in Python that defines and calls the following user defined functions:
ADD() – To accept and add data of a teacher to a CSV file ‘teacher.csv’. Each record consists of a list with field elements
as tid, name and mobile to store teacher id, teacher name and teacher mobile number respectively.
COUNT() – To count the number of records present in the CSV file named ‘teacher.csv’.


Q2. Write a Program in Python that defines and calls the following user defined functions:
(i) ADDPROD() – To accept and add data of a product to a CSV file ‘product.csv’. Each record consists of a list with field
elements as prodid, name and price to store product id, employee name and product price respectively.
(ii) COUNTPROD() – To count the number of records present in the CSV file named ‘product.csv’.


Q3. Rohan is making a software on "Countries & their Capitals" in which various records are to be stored/retrieved in
CAPITAL.CSV data file. It consists some records(Country & Capital). Help him to define and call the following user
defined functions:
(i) AddNewRec(Country, Capital) - To accept and add the records to a CSV file "CAPITAL.CSV". Each record consists of
a list with field elements as Country and Capital to store country name and capital name respectively.
(ii) ShowRec0 - To display all the records present in the CSV file named “CAPITAL.CSV”.



Q4. The scores and ranks of three students of a school level programming competition is given as:
[Name, Marks, 'Rank']
['Sheela', 450, 1]
['Rohan', 300, 2]
['Akash', 260, 3]
Write a program to do the following:
(i) Create a csv file (results.csv) and write the above data into it.
(ii) To display all the records present in the CSV file named 'results.csv'.



Q5. Write a Program in Python that defines and calls the following user defined functions:
(i) add() – To accept and add data of an employee to a CSV file ‘employee.csv’. Each record consists of a list with field
elements as eid, name and salary to store employee id, employee name and employee salary respectively.
(ii) search()- To display the records of the employee whose salary is more than 40000.



Q6. Write a Program in Python that defines and calls the following user defined functions:
(i) add() – To accept and add data of an employee to a CSV file ‘furdata.csv’. Each record consists of a list with field
elements as fid, fname and fprice to store furniture id, furniture name and furniture price respectively.
(ii) search()- To display the records of the furniture whose price is more than 10000.



Q7. Write a Program in Python that defines and calls the following user defined functions:
(i) add() – To accept and add data of an employee to a CSV file ‘furdata.csv’. Each record consists of a list with field
elements as fid, fname and fprice to store furniture id, furniture name and furniture price respectively.
(ii) search()- To display the records of the furniture whose price is less than 50000.



Q8. Give any one point of difference between a binary file and a csv file. Write a Program in Python that defines and calls
the following user defined functions:
(i) add() – To accept and add data of a student to a CSV file ‘stud.csv’. Each record consists of a list with field elements as
admno, sname and per to store admission number, student name and percentage marks respectively.
(ii) search()- To display the records of the students whose percentage is more than 75.



Q9. Write a Program in Python that defines and calls the following user defined functions:
(i) InsertRow() – To accept and insert data of a student to a CSV file ‘class.csv’. Each record consists of a list with field
elements as rollno, name and marks to store roll number, student’s name and marks respectively.
(ii) COUNTD() – To count and return the number of students who scored marks greater than 75 in the CSV file named
‘class.csv’.



Q10. Dhirendra is a programmer, who has recently been given a task to write a python code to perform the following CSV
file operations with the help of two user defined functions/modules:
(i) CSVOpen() – To create a CSV file called BOOKS.CSV in append mode containing information of books: Title, Author
and Price.
(ii) CSVRead() – To display the records from the CSV file called BOOKS.CSV where the Book title starts with 'R'.



Q11. Write a Program in Python that defines and calls the following user defined functions:
(i) ADD() – To accept and add data of an item to a CSV file ‘events.csv’. Each record consists of Event_id, Description,
Venue, Guests, and Cost.
(ii) COUNTR() – To read the data from the file events.csv, calculate and display the average number of guests and average
cost.



Q12. Write a Program in Python that defines and calls the following user defined functions:
(i) ADD() – To accept and add data of an item to a CSV file ‘furniture.csv’. Each record consists of Fur_id, Description,
Price, and Discount.
(ii) COUNTR() – To count the number of records present in ‘furniture.csv’ whose price (that is to be paid after discount ) is
less than 5000.



Q13. Write a Menu Driven Program that defines and calls the following user defined functions:
(i) create(): To accept and add data of an event to a CSV file ‘Events.csv’. Each record consists of Event_id, Venue,
Guests, and Cost to store event id, venue, number of guests, total cost of the event respectively.
(ii) find()- To find the record of the event(s) whose average cost (Cost/ Guests) is more than 1000 and add it in the
‘Accounts.csv’ file.
(iii) show(): To display the content of both the files ‘Events.csv’ and ‘Accounts.csv’.



Q14. Write a Menu Driven Program that defines and calls the following user defined functions:
(i) add(): To accept and add data of the furniture items to a CSV ‘Furdata.csv’. Each record consists of fid, fname and
fprice to store furniture id, furniture name and furniture price respectively.
(ii) search()- To find the record of the furniture item(s) whose price is in the range 70000 – 100000 and add it in the
‘Furniture.csv’ file. Also print the total number of items having price in the above given range.
(iii) display(): To display the content of both the files ‘Furdata.csv’ and ‘Furniture.csv’.



Q15. Write a Menu Driven Program that defines and calls the following user defined functions:
(i) Create(): To accept and add data of an event to a CSV file ‘Student.csv’. Each record consists of Rollno, Name,
Subjects, and Fees to store roll number, name, number of subjects opted, total fee respectively.
(ii) Search()- To find the record of the Student(s) whose average fee per subject is in the range 20000 to 40000 and add it
in the ‘Final.csv’ file. Also print the total number of students that satisfies the above condition.
(iii) Display(): To display the content of both the files ‘Student.csv’ and ‘Final.csv’